Let’s summarize what we have learned in
this lecture and there are some important
messages that I’d like you to take home.
The first and perhaps the most important is
that robots are real. Yes, there are many
depictions of robots in fiction, in books,
TVs and movies, but there are a number of
real robots in the world doing useful things
right now. The next message is that robots
are very diverse in their form and their function.
They don’t necessarily look like the fictional
robots that you are familiar with. We have
seen a great diversity of real world robots.
We have seen robot arms that are used in manufacturing
plants. We have seen robots with wheels. We
have seen robots with legs. We have seen robots
that can fly and we have seen robots that
can move under water or robot boats that can
move on the surface of water. We have looked
at robots that perform a wide range of different
functions.
And, the form of the robot, that is its shape
and how it moves through the world depends
very much on the function that it needs to
perform. So, if it needs to move through the
air, then its form is of a flying machine,
perhaps like a fixed wing aircraft or perhaps
like a helicopter. If it’s got to move across
the surface of a lake, then it’s going to
have a form that looks like a boat. The functionality
of robots is improving very, very rapidly.
If we look at manufacturing robots from the
1960’s and compare it to a robot today,
the modern robot is incredibly reliable, incredibly
accurate and built for quite a reasonable
price. We see the same thing for mobile robots.
We look at robots like the Stanford Cart or
Shakey from the ’60’s and compare that
to a Google car of today. That’s a phenomenal
amount of progress in a period of about 50
years.
The other message that I’d like you to take
home is that robots are part of the solution
to some really important problems of our time.
They are going to be a key to providing affordable
health care to the growing number of people
on our planet. They are going to be important
in industries which supply the fundamental
raw materials for all the people on our planet,
that’s food and energy and minerals. They
will also have a really key role in managing
and inspecting all of the infrastructure on
which our modern society depends. Finally,
they play a really important role in monitoring
the health of the planet on which we all live.
For all of these reasons, robotics is a really
important technology. It’s an important
technology today. It will only become a more
important into the future.